# SMART-SURVEILLANCE-SYSTEM
The AI facial recognition system can be integrated with IP Camera, and can be used in various surveillance fields. Using immediate facial detection, the system can easily identify regular personnel, VIPs, and strangers, and upload recognition records to the management platform. Thus, the administrator will be able to effectively track access records.
IP Camera-based facial recognition is widely used in public spaces and businesses. Using immediate facial detection, the system can easily identify regular personnel, VIPs, and strangers, and upload recognition records to the management platform.
High Accuracy of detection by using AI engine algorithms, and the system can easily grasp the real-time status, record stranger and VIP images.
Save Time and Manpower - Through a screening mechanism can improve traditional systems need spend a lot of time and manpower on analyzing to find the target information.
Enhance the Value of Data -You can find useful information from massive data and image, which can help you to clarify conditions at that time and make faster responses.
Improve Security Level - The system is like a virtual security guard, providing 24/7 nonstop security monitoring services, which will send you instant alerts when they captured unknown faces.
Easy Integration - API interface for quick integration with existing VMS and other platforms.
Lightweight System - By integrating our powerful AI engine into a compact embedded system, you no longer need to use large hardware devices to perform image processing.
In order for the system to learn and recognize your facial features, a database needs to be created. When the face data registration is completed and the camera captures your face in the monitoring area, the system will compare the detected features with the data in the database and send a notification to the administrator once the unknown face data is detected.
The smart surveillance system provides a photo registration function, the administrator can upload a profile photo to the back-end system (GFace Manager), and the system will link the personnel information with the photo automatically. In addition, the system also provides a direct registration mechanism, through the frontal clear photo captured by the IP camera, the photo in the recognition record can be registered directly into the system to create a file.
When the smart surveillance system detects and recognizes the face of a real user, the photo of the user recognition record is stored on the record page. On this page, you can find who was recognition, when it was recognition, and by which devices. The recognition record allows us to track people's movements and automatically detect any suspect behavior, which contributes to more comprehensive protection.
When the system detects a stranger, the front-end system (GNotify) will immediately mark the event in red, and the back-end system (GFace Manager) will also record the time and location of the event, and send an alert message to the administrator by email to achieve a complete alert mechanism.
